Monk, are you alright?
To transform such a powerful industry
Give it to me unconditionally, Sister Yunyan.
Hahaha Wang Shao
I know you're kidding.
No, no, no.
Let the book sit here
I obviously brought it
Bullshit, my dad sent someone to deliver this
It must have been cut off by your people.
I sincerely repent
Ask Mr. Xiao to forgive me
Forgive, forgive, you can't forgive.
Let Mr. Xiao speak for himself
Wang Tian, it's shameless that you drugged me
No matter what your own mistakes
Now you're mistaken.
I don't care about you for now
Thank you, Mr. Xiao, for your tolerance
She's a super boss woman
Remember I'm not done with you
Today is a good day.
Hurry up and put on fireworks to celebrate
Tonight, the Xiao family will hold a grand banquet
Don't get drunk
As for your fake?
Get the hell out of here
Hey, old man, cross the river and demolish the bridge?
This Shenghe Group was given to Xiao Yun by me
To tell you the truth
That super boss is me